Upgrade server uyuni #11389 keichwa (#379)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/upgrade/pages/server-minor-upgrade-uyuni.adoc

[server-minor-upgrade]
= Server - Minor Upgrade

> Several times the year, the {productname} team releases minor upgrades of the {productname} Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several times a year, the {productname} team releases minor upgrades of the {productname} Server.
```

> These updates offer improved or completely new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These updates address bug fixes and feature improvements, and sometimes include new features.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
For more information, see the release notes at https://www.uyuni-project.org/pages/stable-version.html.
Reading the release notes is critical.

> Sometimes additional manual steps are required.

Reviewer: See earlier edits :point_up:

Author: i changed it accordingly.

====

> Installing such minor upgrades is similar to installing OS security and regular package updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performing a minor upgrade is similar to installing operating system package updates.
```

// It is recommended to install them in due time.
// In general, these steps are required:

.Procedure: Updating Packages on the {productname} Server

By default, several update repositories are configured and enabled for the {productname} Server.

> New and updated packages will become available automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New and updated packages become available automatically.
```

. On the {productname} Server, at the command prompt, as root, stop the spacewalk services:
+
----
spacewalk-service stop
----
. List available patches:
+
----
zypper list-patches
----
. Apply all available patches:
+
----
zypper patch
----

. Restart the spacewalk services:
+
----
spacewalk-service start
----
+
[NOTE]
====
Starting with {productname} 4.1, [command]``spacewalk-schema-upgrade`` is not needed anymore.

> The schema upgrade will be run during [command]``spacewalk-service start`` automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema upgrade is run automatically when the spacewalk service is started with [command]``spacewalk-service start``.
```

====

[IMPORTANT]
====
Services affected by a package update are not automatically restarted after an update.
You need to restart these services manually to avoid potential failures.
Use [command]``zypper ps`` to check for applications that are using old code and require restarting.
====

> Reboot the server if a patch update recommends rebooting.

Reviewer: I think this belongs inside the admon?

Author: I'll move the reboot advise into the last step of the proc

[server-minor-upgrade]
= Server - Minor Upgrade

Several times the year, the {productname} team releases minor upgrades of the {productname} Server.
These updates offer improved or completely new features.

> For more information, see the Release Notes.

Reviewer 2: I would do this a big warning with flashing lights, sound and dancing geckos. Reading the release notes is *critical* as sometimes there are manual steps required, or at least things to consider, even when you are not changing the base OS.

Author: ok, I added some such warning.

> Installing such minor upgrades is similar to the server maintenance updates.

Reviewer 2: As discussed above, maybe you should consider merging the sections.

Why am I saying this? Because if I produce an Uyuni release and at the same time they try to run an openSUSE update, they will get both things at the same time.

Author: ok, merged :)
